- Ik. Yeah.
- Hmm.
- Open your,
- the,
- This is the reason why I put Lebanon on first
- the reason this guy's behind it
- Famous blog starts.
- started by am with, with the vision.
- With the vision to spread the concept of the belonging in India,
- a with his job and to become first Indian professional profess
- from India, a myth holding a degree from I, which considered the,
- with the highest degree in India.
- He's also listed to the si other since of
- story by Google. Basically returned
- return to how,
- to the solution for solution related to technology.
- You can read the
- [inaudible] in a small test. I'll join it by
- Yes. Yes.
- Whenever I'm feeling ing about future yourself stories,
- what I refer to reading yourself is a perfect place on the how the
- Great Leader Will.
- This is one of the popular blog in India that mainly covers startup later stuff
- to inspire people around online. Basically,
- your story emphasizes on woman power and why should not when
- there are women who are such successful leader, founder, and
- of your story. This blog has made a great market.
- Short time it deal with success story business and startups.
- Okay,
- shout me loud, India. At first I shout
- Is India's first fastest and one of the famous blogging with
- which run by Al being a blogger I love to write, read books with,
- with Teach me to the real and experience impressive
- fundamental of blogging. Al is a person that sponsor for the whole activities.
- On short, should be loud.
- Her season's in Young lab and very to learn new things. Season in delivery.
- Google, he returned about the blogging. WordPress what?
- C e s e online.
- Okay. I'll stop.
- Let's also have the I you send you again.
- Which one?
- This link blog link send you in the morning. Yes.
- So from there you'll some without
- sharing a screen. We'll read some, some of them
- financial freedom and looking for the best blog to read and teach you about the
- finance, online marketing and care for craft article
- Ca.
- blocks for you, which is.
- Inza Indian,
- which cover all the strictly related to India was started back.
- I said India has more to more than other countries,
- but lacks proper guidance and awareness.
- This was the main aim behind track ar. Now reside in Pune
- is now India's most business blog,
- along with the business news track do and also deal with the trending technology
- in India.
- Tech is in India's tech, the person behind tech,
- pps that A, holding an engineering degree in electronics and communication.
- Telecommunication, Bangalore.
- Technical technology personalized tech.
- Pp share the tips to bring technology closer along with the current